a some great resources to use before entering the fleet or wherever you
may be hit it would be to use your peers use mentors those are our
two of my favorites asking questions from different and receiving different
perspectives on certain situations always helps out it's always
a plus to hear a mentor who's been in a situation describe how
they reacted on the things that the lessons they learned from being
in certain situations that's always a favorite of mine there are tons
of books and magazines and articles on leadership been in different
situations look look in the past there's a tons of situations of leaders
and people throughout history who have gone through you know
different or deals and experiences to you know to be successful as leaders
I took a class here at the naval postgraduate school all my my
first quarter and it discuss the A. arm a disaster down when one light
headed towards like the Antarctica an arctic and about a group
of sailors who were stuck down there for almost a year and a half and
the story revolves around the the captain who got his he he got a
score out of there so there are tons of resources that you use to you
know further develop but you again you have to take it you go out
of it and listen and learn and read from a different perspective